2000-09-25  Kuno Woudt  <warp-tmt@dds.nl>

	* tinyptc.h: 0.4_8bit
	* x11_8bit.c: conversion support done. tested in 32bpp and 16bpp.

2000-09-25  Kuno Woudt  <warp-tmt@dds.nl>

	* x11_8bit.c: converted TinyPTC-X11 to use 8bit palettized modes
	in place of 32bpp. (conversions to other bpp's not yet supported).

original CHANGELOG contents:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	
TinyPTC x11 ChangeLog + Bug(Fixes) list.

*** Note ***

English isn't my native language. So, some grammar/spelling errors might made 
their way into this document. Don't blame me so much and please point them out
to me. Thank you.

*** **** ***

20000503 0.1

Initial release. Supports X11 Windowed and X11 DGA access. No color 
conversions, just a bare bones emulation of the windows version.

20000505 0.1.1

Preliminary XShm support (development release only)

There wasn't an UID check for DGA mode (it needs Root access in order to access
video memory directly). I forgot to include it when I joined the two x11 
sourcetrees together (windowed and DGA). (*** FIXED ***)

The bitdepth is incorrectly reported as 24 even on 32bpp servers. Strangely 
enough, my server correctly reports 32bpp.

The pitch value calculation method is wrong. On some cards the assumption 
pitch=width*bpp isn't true (TNT cards for example but not Banshees). Damn, I'm 
so lame... =) I was calculating it with the logical screenwidth of the 
resulting viewport instead of calculating it with the physical screenwidth 
returned in the videomode info.	(*** FIXED ***)

The makefile was modified in order to include a check to "tinyptc.h" during the
'make' operation. 

20000508 0.2

TinyPTC was rewritten from scratch (literally), now the sources are easier to
read and I threw some comment in, too. The XShm support is finished and seems
to work. Tell me if I'm wrong about that.

The DGA part wasn't working properly, it blarfed on the fullscreen-emulation
blit code. (*** FIXED ***)

Added a 'best-fit' videomode switch logic for fullscreen-emulation code.

20000527 0.3

TinyPTC was developed again after a little pause. Great news this time... I
added color conversion and it seems to work quite well, too. It's rather slow
but I think that some compiler optimizations can speed it up a bit as well. If
it's still too slow for you, feel free to write your own converters and submit
them to Gaffer =) As an added bonus, the 24-32 bpp dilemma seems to be
disappeared... Maybe it's fixed, try and see. Tell me if there's something that
doesn't work.

20000531 0.3.1

Sometimes, fixing a bug, brings another one in. Well, now the only thing that
worked was the 32bpp code. Strange, isn't it ? ;) Anyway, this is fixed now.

20001306 0.4

Bugs are calling... And we're supposed to fix them. There was a glitch in the
32bpp->15bpp conversion code, thanks to tolemaC/Elerium Core for the bug
report. Now the 24bpp conversion modules should work for big-endian machines as
well. Try them if you've got such a system and then tell us.

To Do:

Add 8 Bit conversion modules.
Try to implement fullscreen emulation if DGA is not avaliable.

Alessandro Gatti - a.gatti@tiscalinet.it
